Whoa, I love you broke my toy I mean to I'm sorry. You always say that
Well, I am sorry. Well that won't fix my toy
What's wrong, children?
He broke my toy. I told him not to touch it
I said I was sorry you always say you're sorry, okay, okay children
So Caleb broke your heart, but that's not all he did. He ate my ice cream
He went into my room without asking and he scribbled on my song book
Well, I am sorry
Sophia, can you think of anything you have done wrong?
Well, I forgot to make up my bed
Elast my homework and I then do the dishes
Yes, it's not easy to remember our mistakes
But are you sorry? Do you know what Jehovah does when we are truly sorry?
He reminds us at Ephesians 432
It says God freely forgave you
Sophia
What does it mean to freely forgive?
I'm sorry Sophia. It's okay Caleb. I forgive you. Oh good, children
That makes Jehovah very happy
Anybody know where the mess came from?
Uh-oh